=pod

=head1 NAME

SSL_CTX_akamai_set_cipher_list,
SSL_akamai_set_cipher_list,
SSL_akamai_get_preferred_cipher_count,
SSL_akamai_fixup_cipher_strength_bits,
SSL_akamai_fixup_cipher_strength
- Akamai cipher functions

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/ssl.h>

 int SSL_CTX_akamai_set_cipher_list(SSL_CTX *ctx, const char *pref, const char *must);
 int SSL_akamai_set_cipher_list(SSL *s, const char *pref, const char *must);
 int SSL_akamai_get_preferred_cipher_count(SSL *s);
 int SSL_akamai_fixup_cipher_strength_bits(int bits, const char* ciphers);
 int SSL_akamai_fixup_cipher_strength(const char* level, const char* ciphers);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

SSL_CTX_akamai_set_cipher_list() sets the list of available ciphers for B<ctx>
using the control strings B<pref> and B<must>. Preferred ciphers are specified
by B<pref>, and must-have ciphers are specified by B<must>. Ciphers found in both
lists are considered to be a prefered cipher. Each string is evaluated separately
and then combined. The length of the evaluated B<pref> ciphers is saved, and can
be retreived via SSL_akamai_get_preferred_cipher_count().
The format of the string is described
in L<ciphers(1)|ciphers(1)>. The list of ciphers is inherited by all
B<ssl> objects created from B<ctx>.

SSL_akamai_set_cipher_list() sets the list of ciphers only for B<ssl>.

SSL_akamai_get_preferred_cipher_count() returns the count of ciphers in the
B<pref> list set via the above two functions. This value can be used to see
if a preferred cipher has been selected by finding the selected cipher index
in the cipher list and checking that the index is less than the preferred
cipher count.

SSL_akamai_fixup_cipher_strength_bits() modifies the reported cryptographic strength
of cipher suites. It does not modify they key size.

SSL_akamai_fixup_cipher_strength() modifies the cipher strength alias to include
the ciphers given. The B<level> argument is the cipher alias, and may be one of
"HIGH", "FIPS", "MEDIUM" or "LOW".

=head1 NOTES

The caveats on the cipher string from SSL_set_cipher_list() and
SSL_CTX_set_cipher_list() apply to the B<pref> and B<must> arguments.

The B<pref> argument represents a list of preferred ciphers, the count of
which is retained and may be retrieved via SSL_akamai_get_preferred_cipher_count().
If no preferred ciphers are desired, then the B<pref> argument may be
empty or the regular cipher functions may be used.

SSL_akamai_get_preferred_cipher_count() returns 0 when there are no preferred ciphers,
which can happen when SSL_CTX_set_cipher_list() or SSL_set_cipher_list() is used after
setting Akamai ciphers, or when the B<pref> argument is empty.

SSL_akamai_fixup_cipher_strength_bits() is meant to restore the strength of
3DES ciphers back to 168 bits (it defaults to 112 bits).

Strength aliases should not be used in the B<ciphers> argument to
SSL_akamai_fixup_cipher_strength().

The use of SUITEB cipher aliases in SSL_akamai_fixup_cipher_strength() or
SSL_akamai_fixup_cipher_strength_bits() will fail, as the alias requires a
certificate and TLSv1.2-only configuration. Only the list of ciphers to be
modified should be included in the B<ciphers> argument.

=head1 RETURN VALUES

SSL_CTX_akamai_set_cipher_list() and SSL_akamai_set_cipher_list() return 1 if any cipher
could be selected and 0 on complete failure.

SSL_akamai_get_preferred_cipher_count() returns the number of ciphers in SSL_get_cipher_list()
that are preferred.

SSL_akamai_fixup_cipher_strength_bits() returns the number of ciphers modified and 0 is returned
on failure.

SSL_akamai_fixup_cipher_strength() returns the number of ciphers modified and 0 is returned
on failure.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<ssl(3)|ssl(3)>, L<SSL_get_ciphers(3)|SSL_get_ciphers(3)>,
L<SSL_set_cipher_list(3)|SSL_set_cipher_list(3)>,
L<SSL_CTX_set_cipher_list(3)|SSL_CTX_set_cipher_list(3)>,
L<ciphers(1)|ciphers(1)>

=cut
