=pod

=head1 NAME

SSL_set_verify_result, SSL_SESSION_set_verify_result - override result of peer certificate verification

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/ssl.h>

 void SSL_set_verify_result(SSL *ssl, long verify_result);
 void SSL_SESSION_set_verify_result(SSL_SESSION *ss, long verify_result);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

SSL_set_verify_result() sets B<verify_result> of the object B<ssl> to be the
result of the verification of the X509 certificate presented by the peer,
if any.

SSL_SESSION_set_verify_result() sets B<verify_result> of the object B<ss> to be
the result of the verification of the X509 certificate presented by the peer,
if any.

=head1 NOTES

SSL_set_verify_result() overrides the verification result. It only changes
the verification result of the B<ssl> object. It does not become part of the
established session, so if the session is to be reused later, the original
value will reappear. To update the session value use SSL_SESSION_set_verify_result()
(in addition to SSL_set_verify_result()).

The valid codes for B<verify_result> are documented in L<verify(1)>.

=head1 RETURN VALUES

SSL_set_verify_result() and SSL_SESSION_set_verify_result() do not provide a return value.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<ssl(3)>, L<SSL_get_verify_result(3)>,
L<SSL_get_peer_certificate(3)>,
L<verify(1)>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2000-2016 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the OpenSSL license (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.

=cut
