=pod

=head1 NAME

SSL_CTX_set_schedule_task_cb, SSL_CTX_get_schedule_task_cb - handle task callback function

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/ssl.h>

 typedef void SSL_task_fn(SSL *, SSL_task_ctx *ctx);
 typedef int (*SSL_schedule_task_cb)(SSL *ssl, int event_type, SSL_task_ctx *ctx, SSL_task_fn *fn);

 void SSL_CTX_set_schedule_task_cb(SSL_CTX *ctx, SSL_schedule_task_cb cb);
 SSL_schedule_task_cb SSL_CTX_get_schedule_task_cb(SSL_CTX *ctx);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

SSL_CTX_set_schedule_task_cb() sets the B<SSL_schedule_task_cb()> callback, that is
called when a task needs to be performed for an SSL object.

When B<SSL_schedule_task_cb()> is NULL, no callback function is used.

SSL_CTX_get_schedule_task_cb() returns a pointer to the currently set callback
function.

SSL_schedule_task_cb() is the application defined callback. It is invoked whenever
the SSL object has a task to perform that might be time consuming, especially during
the connect/accept handshake period. Applications that wish to mulitplex several
SSL connects may prefer to handle such tasks in separate threads.

If no SSL_schedule_task_cb() is registered all such tasks are directly executed
by the SSL object.

=head1 CALLBACK ARGUMENTS

The callback is invoked with four arguments: B<SSL*> as the SSL object that needs
the task to be performed. B<event_type> is the event that will signal that the
task is done (see SSL_EVENT_* constants). This value is informative only and the
callback might use it to select which tasks it wants to schedule or refuse.

B<ctx> is an opaque parameter that needs to be passed to the task function and, 
finally, B<fn> is the supplied function that needs to be called.

=head1 CALLBACK RETURN VALUES

If a callback is registered, its return values are interpreted as follows:

=over 4

=item E<gt>0

The scheduling was successful.

=item Z<>0

The callback refuses to schedule the task. The SSL object must execute the
task itself instead. This de facto results in the same behaviour as if no
callback had been registered. This allows the application to only schedule
a subset of the tasks in another thread (switching on the event_type, for
example).

=item E<lt>0

The scheduling failed. The SSL object will treat this as an error. If this
happens during handshake, for example, the handshake will fail.

=back

=head1 NOTES

=head2 ASYNCHRONOUS HANDLING

While the callback might directly call the supplied task function, the most
common use case is expected to be that the task function will run in a 
separate thread.

The SSL method called by the application (e.g. connect()/accept()), will in
this case return with a value E<lt>0 and the application needs to check
B<SSL_get_error>() for the cause. When a task was scheduled, B<SSL_get_error>()
will return B<SSL_ERROR_WANT_EVENT> to indicate that it waits for an event
to happen (here, the event that signals the end of the task).

The application may call the SSL method again, but this will give the same
results until the event has happened. How the application code may synchronize
with its callback is not a concern of OpenSSL.

=head2 OBJECT LIFETIMES

The arguments to the callback will continue to exist until the task function
has been called. However, once the task function returns, the supplied B<SSL*>
might have been deallocated.

An application that accepts a task, but then decides not to run it, needs to
signal the event with a negative result value. Otherwise resources allocated
to the SSL object might never be freed.

=head2 TASK/EVENT TYPES

The following tasks, indicated by their completion event, are currently available
for SSL. Not all tasks will occur during an SSL connection. Tasks vary by
client, server, protocol version, renegotiation attempts and other things. Also,
the list of tasks might vary with each release.

=over 4

=item B<SSL_EVENT_KEY_EXCH_DECRYPT_DONE>

The task performs the decryption of the exchanged keys on the server side. 
Supported for RSA encrypted keys.

=item B<SSL_EVENT_SETUP_CERT_VRFY_DONE>

The task signs the certificate verification message on the client side.

=item B<SSL_EVENT_KEY_EXCH_MSG_SIGNED>

The task signs the key verification message before it is sent to the client.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<ssl(3)|ssl(3)>, L<SSL_signal_event(3)|SSL_signal_event(3)>

=cut
